Remote UI files and broken link fixing (#5976)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: docs/user_manual/working_with_vector/vector_properties.rst

Use the :guilabel:`Edit UI` to define the path to the file to use.

> UI-files can also be hosted on a remote server. In this case, instead of providing
> the path of the file in :guilabel:`Edit UI`, you just have to add the URL of the
> form.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
UI-files can also be hosted on a remote server.
In this case, you provide the URL of the form instead of the file path in :guilabel:`Edit UI`.
```
